# Terms of Service: FoodiePractice

__Effective Date: 27th of July 2023__

## Overview of Terms
These Terms of Service (these “Terms”) form an agreement between you, the Dietitian, Nutritionist, Personal 
Trainer, Naturopath or any other Health Professional (“Professional”, “you”, or “your”) who uses the 
FoodiePractice SaaS desktop app (“FoodiePractice”) to analyse and visualise their patients’ meal data and 
FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD (see the ‘Who We Are’ section below for information about us). 

These Terms describe who is eligible to use FoodiePractice and what they should and should NOT do while using 
it. You are required to review these Terms and agree to be bound by them before and during your use of 
FoodiePractice. By downloading and using FoodiePractice from any of the applicable desktop app distributors, 
and by accepting these Terms via the “I Agree” or “I Accept” button or box when you create an account, you 
warrant to us that you have read and understood the entire provision and that you agree to them. If you do not 
agree to these Terms, you may not use FoodiePractice. 

## Who We Are
FoodiePractice and its underlying software capabilities are provided by FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTD, an 
Australian-based entity with ABN: 98 657 431 484 and business address at 903/50 Clarence St, Sydney NSW 2000 
(“FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD”, “we”, “us” or “our”).  

FoodiePractice is provided solely for Professionals who, accordingly to law and these Terms, are fit to use 
it. We provide FoodiePractice without guarantees or support. If you encounter any restrictions or limitations 
while using FoodiePractice, you agree that we will not be responsible for any liabilities that follow.

## FoodiePractice is for Informational Purposes Only 
You should not treat any information, analysis, results or reports generated by FoodiePractice on any meal 
data as professional medical diagnosis or advice. The results and analysis are for informational purposes 
only. FoodiePractice should not be used as a diagnosis, cure, treatment or prevention of any nutritional 
disorders or diseases. 

You are advised to do your due diligence with proper medical and healthcare tools before making any decision 
about any result or analysis generated by FoodiePractice. We will not be responsible for any health hazards, 
nutritional deficiencies, losses, damages or injuries sustained by your patients or you as a result of your 
use of FoodiePractice. 

## Eligible Users
Only Professionals who meet the eligibility criteria listed under this section are allowed to use 
FoodiePractice.

Professionals must (i) be at least 18 years of age; (ii) be able to form a legally binding agreement such as 
these Terms; (iii) not be in violation of any applicable law; (iv) be a skilled Professional in their field, 
including, where relevant, holding the required licenses; (v) provide accurate and complete information; and 
(vi) use FoodiePractice for no other purposes other than to analyse and visualise their patients’ data. 

If you are using FoodiePractice on behalf of an entity, you warrant that you have their authorisation to bind 
such entity to these Terms. We reserve the right to terminate your use if you do not meet the criteria under 
this section. 

## Privacy Policy 
We care about your privacy. Your use of FoodiePractice is also conditioned upon your consent to our privacy 
practices. Our Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding our information collection, uses, disclosures, 
security, retention and the like. By submitting personal information on FoodiePractice, you consent to our 
information collection practices. 

## Professional Account 
To commence analysing your patients’ meal data through FoodiePractice, you are required to create an account 
and submit relevant information to us. By submitting registration information, you warrant that the 
information is accurate, complete and up to date and that you will request to correct any inaccurate 
information. 

You understand that due to the nature of FoodiePractice, we can only allow one person per account. You are not 
permitted to assign, sell, transfer or share your account login details with any other individual for use to 
boycott our fees. 

## Subscription and Payments
### Subscription fees and changes
To analyse your patients’ meal data using FoodiePractice, you are required to purchase a subscription period 
of your choice (a number of days, weeks or months). When you purchase a particular period, you will be able to analyse as many patients’ meal data as possible for the duration of that period. If your purchased period runs out and you do not have auto-renew on, you will be unable to analyse new patient meal data – except for the meal data you analysed during your subscription period – until you purchase another period.   


### Payments
Your payment will be processed after you submit any Stripe-supported billing and credit card information. By 
providing us with your credit card and billing information, you authorise Stripe, our third-party payment 
processor, to deduct the applicable fees from your credit card. You also warrant to us that you have the 
authority to authorise us to deduct the amount from your credit card. 

### Billing statement
Upon charging the applicable amount from your credit card, the billing statement or invoice will be delivered 
to your email address or your profile. 

### Delayed payments
If we are unable to receive your payments for a new period after your subscription period expires or your 
autorenewal is off, you will be unable to analyse new meal data. However, the meal data you analysed before 
your subscription ran out will still accessible under your account. 


### Refunds 
Due to the FoodiePractice’s nature, once your payment method is charged, we will offer no refunds for partial 
usage, including if your account is terminated for violating these Terms. 

### Provider fees
Your payment card provider may impose payment charges when you pay for your subscription. We are not 
responsible for such charges and the fees that apply to your use of the applicable credit card. 

## IP Rights, License and Prohibited Uses
The content on FoodiePractice, including the images, blogs, texts, audio, videos, logos, designs, source 
codes, software and functionality (our “Content”) and the trademarks and service marks are owned and licensed 
to the FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD and respective licensors, and they are subject to copyright, 
patent right and other intellectual property rights in the Commonwealth of Australia and international 
conventions. 

The logos, designs, button icons, page headers, graphics, scripts and service names are registered trademarks, 
common law trademarks and trade dress of FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD in the Commonwealth of 
Australia and other locations. You may not use our trademarks or trade dress, including as part of domain 
names, with any other product or service that may cause confusion. You may also not copy, imitate, use or 
duplicate our trademarks (in whole or part) without our written approval.

## License Grant and Prohibited Activities
Subject to your compliance with these Terms and your payment of the applicable subscription fees, we hereby 
grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable and revocable license to download, 
access and use FoodiePractice for your business use – that is to analyse your patients’ meal data only. 

Unless we provide you with written permission, you are not permitted to reproduce, display, perform, prepare 
derivative works, distribute copies or use FoodiePractice for any other purposes other than to analyse 
patients’ meal data. We reserve all rights not granted to you under these Terms. The license granted to you 
under these Terms may be terminated if you violate this paragraph.

The license granted to you in relation to FoodiePractice does not include: 
- Disassembling, decompiling, reverse-engineering or attempting to know FoodiePractice’s source codes or 
  decrypting it; 
- Making any modifications, adaptations, enhancements, improvements, derivative works or translating any parts 
  of FoodiePractice; 
- Using FoodiePractice in a manner that goes against any applicable laws, rules or regulations of any 
  applicable location; 
- Sending spam or other unsolicited commercial messages; 
- Distributing malware, viruses, bugs, trojan horses or other software or codes that are able to damage 
  FoodiePractice’s servers and networks;
- Scraping, mining, collecting or storing information about FoodiePractice, our database or other 
  Professionals using any data mining or automated tools;
- Accessing or attempting to access parts of FoodiePractice’s servers or networks or another Professional’s 
  account without proper authorisation or written permission from us; 
- Altering, removing or obscuring of any of our proprietary notices or those of our affiliates, partners or 
  licensors of FoodiePractice; 
- Using FoodiePractice to generate any form of revenue other than the ones FoodiePractice is designed for; 
- Hacking or attempting to crack the infrastructure, networks or servers to beat our payment systems;
- Using FoodiePractice to create products, services or software that is directly or indirectly competitive 
  with it; and 
- Making use of any proprietary or interfaces of FoodiePractice in the development, manufacture, design, 
  distribution or licensing of any other applications, accessories or devices for use with it.

## Reviews, Feedback and Ideas
You can submit reviews, feedback and ideas about FoodiePractice to us at contact@yourfoodie.app. However, by 
providing us with reviews, feedback or ideas, you acknowledge that we may use, disclose, reproduce, modify or 
distribute such reviews, feedback or ideas for any purpose – including for marketing – without compensation or 
obligation to you or any third party. 

## Term, Termination and Survival
These Terms commence immediately after you create an account and use FoodiePractice, and they shall be valid 
until your account or use is terminated – whether by you or us. 

You may terminate these Terms by disconnecting your account from FoodiePractice at any time you so wish. We 
may also terminate these Terms at any time by terminating your account from FoodiePractice if we discover, in 
our best judgement, that you are in violation of these Terms or any applicable law.

If these Terms are terminated for any reason whatsoever, the provisions, which by their nature, are expected 
to continue to remain binding, shall continue to be binding. These provisions may include, without limitation, 
the Limitation of Liability, Disclaimers and Applicable Law and Jurisdiction clauses. 

## Disclaimers
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF 
FOODIEPRACTICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, ANALYSIS, INSIGHTS, REPORTS AND SERVICES 
CONTAINED IN FOODIEPRACTICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND – 
WHETHER IMPLIED OR EXPRESS. FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD (ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS) 
HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE, TITLE AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES THAT FOODIEPRACTICE WILL RUN OR FUNCTION UNINTERRUPTEDLY OR ERROR-FREE, NOR DO WE 
PROMISE ANY SUPPORT SERVICES OR CORRECTIONS TO ANY ERRORS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT FOODIEPRACTICE WILL ALWAYS 
BE FREE FROM DOWNTIMES AND VIRUSES, BUGS, TROJAN HORSES AND OTHER HARMFUL PROGRAMS. FURTHERMORE, WE DO NOT 
WARRANT THAT THE ANALYSIS AND REPORTS GENERATED FROM YOUR PATIENTS’ MEAL DATA ARE ACCURATE AND SHOULD BE 
RELIED ON.

## Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD (ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, 
AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND PARTNERS) BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, ACCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY OCCUR AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO 
USE FOODIEPRACTICE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES OF LOSSES AFFECTING YOUR INTEGRITY OR REVENUE OR 
DAMAGES OF PERSONAL INJURIES AND OTHER INTANGIBLE DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES.

HOWEVER, IF FOR ANY REASON, WE ARE FOUND TO BE LIABLE FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND 
REGARDLESS OF THE ACTION, OUR LIABILITY SHALL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A SUM OF $100 OR THE TOTAL OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION FEES YOU PAID TO US IN THE PAST THREE (3) MONTHS BEFORE THE CAUSE AROSE (WHICHEVER IS GREATER).

THE LIMITATIONS DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL NOT AFFECT ANY RIGHTS PROVIDED TO YOU UNDER THE AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER LAW 
(ACL) OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS. 

## Indemnity
You hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD (its affiliates, 
employees, licensors, agents, partners, directors, shareholders, successors and assigns) harmless from and 
against any and all claims, issues, liabilities, demands, disputes, damages, cost and expenses (including 
reasonable legal fees and expenses) that may arise from or relate to your use of FoodiePractice, breach of 
your warranties or violation of these Terms or applicable laws.

## Applicable law and jurisdiction
These Terms, the entire FoodiePractice operation and any dispute arising out of or relating to your use 
thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New South Wales, 
Australia, without regard to conflict of law and its principles. You hereby agree that any dispute between you 
and us in relation to FoodiePractice shall be brought to and settled in the courts located in New South Wales, 
Australia.

## Third-Party Links and Contents
If you ever find any links or contents that lead to third-party websites, apps or services on FoodiePractice, 
ensure you read the terms and policies of the respective providers before clicking those links or contents and/
or using their services.  Third-party links and contents are not governed by these Terms, nor do we endorse 
them to be secure or reliable for your access and use. If third-party links and contents exist on 
FoodiePractice, then they are meant to be for reference and informational purposes only. 

We advise that you review the terms and policies of third-party links and contents on their respective 
websites or apps to understand what you are getting into. We are not liable for any liabilities you may suffer 
from such third parties. 

## Modifications to Terms
As time goes on, we may review and update these Terms for various reasons, which may include changes in 
applicable laws or any practices, features or services on FoodiePractice. Any modifications to these Terms 
shall become effective upon us posting the changes on this page and changing the Effective Date above. We may 
notify you of modifications via any FoodiePractice interface, such as your account area. Nonetheless, you 
should review this page frequently to watch out for modifications. 

If you continue using FoodiePractice after we modify any portion of these Terms, then we will imply that you 
have accepted the modifications made.

## Electronic Communication
Your use of FoodiePractice means that you agree to us communicating with you electronically. We may 
communicate with you electronically via email exchanges and your account area. You acknowledge that you have 
read and understood this Electronic Communication section and that you consent to receive electronic 
communication from us.
 
## Entire agreement
These Terms represent the entire agreement between you and FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD in relation 
to your access and use of FoodiePractice. These Terms supersede and prevail over any and all prior 
arrangements, understanding, promises, covenants and agreements that may have existed before them – whether 
oral or written.


## Severability
If any part of these Terms is found by the applicable law to be unenforceable, such a part shall be deemed 
severable (or edited to be enforceable), and it shall not affect the other parts of these Terms that are 
enforceable.

## No waiver
If, at any point in time, we delay or refuse to enforce our rights under these Terms when you violate any part 
thereof, it shall not waive or void our right to enforce such a right at a later time or date or on similar 
violations. No waiver under these Terms shall be valid unless it is in writing.

## Force majeure
If, at any particular time, we delay or fail to provide FoodiePractice or any portion thereof due to 
circumstances beyond our reasonable control (such as government intervention, pandemics, internet breakdown, 
harmful software, downtimes and civil unrest), we will not be responsible for any loss or liability incurred.

## Assignment
You may not assign or transfer the rights you have under these Terms to a third party without our written 
approval. On the other hand, we may transfer or assign our rights and obligations under these Terms, including 
hiring the services of third-party service providers.

## No partnership
Your use of FoodiePractice as a Professional does not imply or create a partnership, agency, joint venture, 
employment or other fiduciary relationships between you and FOODIEAPP SERVICES PTY LTDFOODIEAPP LTD. You 
hereby agree that you are an independent contractor using FoodiePractice independently and that there is no 
employer-employee relationship created herein. You shall not be able to bind FOOIDEAPP LTD or have any 
authority to assume any obligations on its behalf to a contract or agreement. 

## Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints, feedback, ideas, suggestions or issues with FoodiePractice or 
these Terms, we are happy to help you. You can send an email to us at contact@yourfoodie.app. 

Sydney NSW 2023
